Hi, I'm Brandy.
You're doing a wonderful job in the program.
I would like to welcome you to the next lesson regarding private blockchain.
In this lesson, we will discuss usage of
a private and public blockchain and how to interact between the two chains.
By the end of this lesson,
we will demonstrate building our own private blockchain ledger.
We will utilize JavaScript and make use of
third-party libraries with proven methods to support cryptographic functions.
To help you get started, would put
a few more details about this lesson down below the video.
If you like, take some time to read through and when you're ready,
we'll see you in the next lesson on private blockchains.